Use this site https://www.espn.com/nfl/college/_/letter/o, look/start at elements under “Ohio State” (go until Oklahoma), put the Player Name, Team Name, and Position in different arrays?

Or concat into one string. “Eli Apple” – plays “Cornerback” for the “Miami Dolphins”. Quotes are directly from the page. The Player hyperlink goes right to their ESPN page with their stats. GET ALL info under 2023 Defensive – separate by Regular Season and Postseason. For Offensive players, it’s a little bit harder. Scroll down to Recent Games – click on See All. For Offensive Players it’s a bit different. NonQbs have Receiving, Rushing, Fumbles. Not all WRs have rushing, but yeah check the totals at the very bottom, and if there’s 0 for any of them (maybe check if 0 carries don’t check the rest?). Probably return Fumble information regardless? Not FF or KB tho.
Also, for all these metrics (like LNG, TGTS) EXPLAIN THEM so it’s not jargon. This is not going to be fun to get the info + the titles. They have the titles listed (+ full name), but it’s not like – under the Completions title is every single completions number. They’re completely separate. I guess I’ll just have to list all of the titles and then get all information after “Regular Season Stats”. Each new value will be assigned to that title. – That’s where I’ll do the writing down for the .txt file I create. Hopefully this is easier than it seems rn.

**NOTE: didn’t check Oline/TE, only checked CB on defense. Not sure what Long Snapper stats look like either. Only checked NFL as well, since it’s the most prominent for Buckeyes.

 

Here are my notes from initial brainstorm:

All this talk with Jack got me excited about Python/web scraping again. He said he used Selenium and Beautiful Soup to webscrape baseball stats. I wonder what he used it for specifically? I think it'd be fun to create a project to get stats from my favorite players across the league? Maybe multiple leagues too - NBA and NFL at least. GET ALL BUCKEYE STATS. Genius. Buckeyes across ALL sports too. Barely any in the NBA and MLB.

Just provide it with a list, figure out a way to search? Could work with error handling too. There's a "Buckeyes in the XXX" sports league thing, could have it parse all of the names (if easy), and then pile that into an array and then search on that? Or just provide it my own. Former is WAY more reliable - don't have to constantly adjust the list.

OOO - have it export as a .txt file! I was thinking of ways to make it readable (instead of just having it paste in VSCode or figure out how to put that information on a website, this is the happy medium!)

Use One Piece code as a base, then figure out the rest myself. Basketballreference and other sites might be the best, or maybe just a simple NFL.com and such? Maybe try to look for patterns in the hyperlinks to look up instead of emulating clicking and entering in "Search". Ik NFL and MLB (in particular) have basic stats up front and center, which is pretty nice. Altho MLB is from the app ig

 